                            Program 2

Given ordered pairs (x,y) of either positive or negative Integers as
input, the program plots them on a grid with a horizontal x-axis and a
vertical y-axis which are appropriately labeled.  A plotted point on
the grid should appear as an asterisk (*).  

The vertical and horizontal scaling is handled as follows.  If the
maximum absolute value of any y-value is less than or equal to twenty
(20), the scale of vertical spacing will be one line per integral unit
(e.g., the point (3,6) should be plotted on the sixth Iine; two lines
above the point (3,4)). Note that the origin (point (0,0)) would
correspond to an asterisk at the the intersectlon of the axes (the
x-axis is referred to as the Oth line).  If the maximum absolute value
of any x-value is less than or equal to thirty (30), the scale for
horizontal spacing will be one space per integral unit (e.g., the
point (4,5) should be plotted four spaces to the right of the y-axis;
two spaces to the right of (2,5)).  However, if the maximum absolute
value of any y-value is greater than twenty (20), the scale for
vertical spacing will be one line per every (max abs of yval)/20
rounded-up.  (E.g., If the maximum absolute value of any y-value to be
plotted is 66, the vertical line spacing will be a line for every four
(4) integral units.  In such a data set,  points with y-values greater
than or equal to eight  and less than twelve will show up as asterisks
in the second line, points with y-values greater than or equal to
twelve and less than sixteen will show up as asterisks in the third
line, etc.  Continuing the example, the point (3,15) should be plotted
on the third line; two lines above the point (3,5).) Horizontal
scallng is handled analogously.

If two or more of the points to be plotted would show up as the same
asterisk in the grid (like the points (9,13) and (9,15) ln the above
example), a number '2' (or whatever number is approprlate) should be
printed instead of the asterisk.  Points whose asterisks will lie on a
axis or grid marker should show up in place of the marker.

(End of specification.)
